a hand full of rocks keepsakes from a
house in hia carried over in the pocket
of an ancestor pushed out of Palestine a
life Left Behind 3/4 of a century ago it
may not seem like much but for them a
cherished family
treasure parts of East Baghdad are
unmistakably
Palestinian home to Generations since
the 1948 nuba stateless often trapped in
poverty no clear
future but there remains here an
unwavering sense of Palestinian
identity they may not be enduring the
indignities of occupation or The Perils
of
War but Palestinians watching what is
happening in Gaza say the grief is
crippling my cousin was a pharmacist he
was killed in a strike in the first 10
days of the war along with his mother
and sister they are still under the
debris of their
demolished suffering years of turmoil
alongside side IR Rockies those who
could left buff moving to safer
countries numbers here dwindling for the
few thousand left the hia club is a
place where they can stay connected to
where they came from by connecting with
each
other fading photographs reminders of
more hopeful times a wall of Heroes both
old and
new but sharing the pain does not always
make it
less we can't seeing images of butchered
children in their mother's laps it's a
crime against humanity it's rejected in
all times even the Mongols did not do
what Israel has done Ali Abu hasim lives
in the back of the club he was five when
he came to Bagdad now bedridden cared
for by friends at the end of a life
spent waiting to return to a Homeland
he's never truly
known if you offer any Palestinian the
whole world he will reject and only want
to return to his homeland we call upon
the world to give us back our lands our
rights people cannot do much our Arab
states have their own problems there is
so much
Injustice anger gives way to
grief in a room adorned with messages of
Hope peace
Justice an old man weeps for all that's
been lost and all that's been
denied Zan basravi Al jazer bdad